Skip to content The Company Careers Press Freelancers Blog × Services
Transcription Captions Foreign Subtitles Translation Freelancers About
Contact Login « Return to Transcript Library home  Transcript
Categories  All Transcripts 2020 Election Transcripts Classic Speech
Transcripts Congressional Testimony & Hearing Transcripts Debate
Transcripts Donald Trump Transcripts Entertainment Transcripts
Financial Transcripts Interview Transcripts Political Transcripts
Press Conference Transcripts Speech Transcripts Sports Transcripts
Technology Transcripts Aug 21, 2020 2020 Democratic National
Convention (DNC) Night 4 Transcript Rev  ›  Blog  ›  Transcripts  ›
2020 Election Transcripts  ›  2020 Democratic National Convention
(DNC) Night 4 Transcript Night 4 of the 2020 Democratic National
Convention (DNC) on August 20. Read the full transcript of the event
here. Transcribe Your Own Content  Try Rev for free  and save time
transcribing, captioning, and subtitling. Speaker 1: ( 00:33 )  I’m
here by calling the full session of the 48th Quadrennial National
Convention of the Democratic Party to order. Welcome all to our final
session of this historic and memorable convention. We’ve called the
48th Quadrennial Democratic National Convention to order. Speaker 2: (
00:59 )  Every four years, we come together to reaffirm our democracy.
This year, we’ve come to save it. Kerry Washington: ( 01:07 )  We
fight for a more perfect union because we are fighting for the soul of
this country and for our lives. And right now that fight is real.
Bernie Sanders: ( 01:18 )  We must come together to defeat Donald
Trump, and elect Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as our next President and
Vice President. Michelle Obama: ( 01:27 )  Donald Trump is the wrong
President for our country. He has had more than enough time to prove
that he can do the job, but he is clearly in over his head. He simply
cannot be who we need him to be for us. It is what it is. Speaker 3: (
01:45 )  My dad was a healthy 65 year old. His only preexisting
condition was to trusting Donald Trump, and for that, he paid with his
life. Speaker 4: ( 01:55 )  So it’s up to us to carry on the fight for
justice. Our actions would be their legacies. Speaker 5: ( 02:01 )  We
just need leadership to bring us back together, to recover from this
pandemic and prepare for whatever else is next. Leadership to
reimagine what our nation will be. That’s Joe. Speaker 6: ( 02:19 )
Next President right here. Speaker 7: ( 02:21 )  He was there for me,
he’ll be there for you too. Speaker 8: ( 02:25 )  Faced with a
president of cowardice, Joe Biden is a man of proven courage. Tracee
Ellis Ross: ( 02:31 )  This year, for the first time, the roll call is
heading out to all 57 States and territories. Speaker 1: ( 02:37 )
I’m pleased to announce that Vice President Joe Biden has officially
been nominated by the Democratic Party as our candidate for President
of the United States. Joe Biden: ( 02:49 )  I’ll see you on Thursday.
Nancy Pelosi: ( 02:53 )  Our mission is to fight for a future equal to
the ideals of our founders, our hopes for our children and sacrifices
of our veterans, our brave men and women in uniform and their
families. Speaker 9: ( 03:04 )  The American people are forever
indebted to you for all of the work you do on the front line. Hilary
Clinton: ( 03:11 )  We need leaders equal to this moment of sacrifice
and service. We need Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Barack Obama: (
03:20 )  Tonight, I’m asking you to believe in Joe and Kamala’s
ability to lead this country out of these dark times and build it back
back better. Kamala Harris: ( 03:30 )  In this election, we have a
chance to change the course of history. We’re all in this fight
together. What an awesome responsibility. What an awesome privilege. I
accept your nomination for Vice President of the United States of
America. Tom Perez: ( 04:01 )  Hi, I’m Tom Perez. This has been an
incredible week. It hasn’t been the kind of convention you might’ve
been expecting, and to be honest, it wasn’t the kind of convention we
had planned for, but in a way, what we’ve seen over the last three
nights, and what we’ll see tonight is a more accurate reflection of
where our country is than any traditional convention could have been.
Yes, we’ve talked a lot about our next President and Vice President,
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. We’ve talked about how they’ll tackle the
challenges we face and lead our country to a brighter future. And
we’ve seen that our party is ready to lead, not just now, but into the
next generation. But we’ve also heard a lot from people who aren’t
running for anything this year, people who might not even think of
themselves as political, auto workers and college students, farmers,
and immigrants, teachers, nurses, and yes, the occasional calamari
chef. Tom Perez: ( 04:58 )  If the literal meaning of the word
convention has to do with coming together, then what is brought us
together this year isn’t partisanship, it’s purpose. That’s what has
allowed us to bring both diehard progressive’s and conservative ex
Republicans under the same tent. That’s what has allowed us to build a
campaign where no State, no precinct, no vote is taken for granted.
That’s how we build our movement. That’s how we went up and down the
ballot. That’s how we make change. And when we can bring that kind of
energy to the challenges, our nation faces, well, there’s nothing we
can’t accomplish. Just ask Joe Biden, who set his sights on a mission
that could change the world forever conquering cancer. John F.
Kennedy: ( 05:53 )  We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do
the other, not because they are easy, but because they are hard.
Barack Obama: ( 06:00 )  Vice president Biden said that with the new
Moonshot America can cure cancer. I’m putting Joe in charge of mission
control. Speaker 10: ( 06:12 )  Beau Biden, the son of Vice President,
Joe Biden, succumb to brain cancer, Saturday, at the age of 46. Joe
Biden: ( 06:18 )  He’s the one who wanted me to stay engaged. He was
worried that I’d not continue to fight for the things I’m passionate
about, and I’m trying to keep his promise. Speaker 11: ( 06:26 )
President Obama signed to the 21st Century Cures Act, including the
so-called Moonshot, that could be a giant leap in the fight to cure
cancer. Speaker 12: ( 06:34 )  The Moonshot is the symbol of American
ambition and achievement. Now Vice President Joe Biden will lead a
similar effort to cure cancer. Speaker 13: ( 06:42 )  It will be led
by Joe Biden, and it’s aimed at ending the disease that killed the
Vice President’s son and 600,000 other Americans every year. Joe
Biden: ( 06:51 )  I think of all the people who have gone through what
I’ve gone through without one tenth of the help that I’ve had. When
you have a son or daughter, husband or wife, someone you adore, you
become as educated as you can, as quickly as you can, particularly
when you know that’s a very serious form. I learned a lot about the
mechanics of cancer and the delivery systems, and there’s so many
changes that are just on the cusp. I have now met with over 200
oncologists and cancer research centers, and I’m asking them, ” What
is it you want me to clear the way for? Where are we in impediment?”
Speaker 14: ( 07:24 )  He is determined. He’s not going to walk away
until there is real change. Joe Biden: ( 07:34 )  This is a truly
bipartisan issue. So the leaders in this effort in the house and
Senate are Republicans as well as Democrats. Speaker 15: ( 07:42 )
He’s been pushed to the edge of what anyone could be expected to bear.
Speaker 16: ( 07:47 )  Following correction, Joe Biden, Cancer
Moonshot. Speaker 17: ( 07:50 )  You’re a man of substance. You have
experienced tragedies in your life, and we are inspired by the way
that you have responded to those. Joe Biden: ( 08:01 )  Every single
family in America has been affected by cancer. And we are so close.
Barack Obama: ( 08:07 )  For the loved ones we’ve all lost, let’s make
America the country that cures cancer once and for all. Joe Biden: (
08:14 )  I believe in Moonshot in this country to cure cancer. It’s
personal, but I know we can do this. There are so many breakthroughs
just on the horizon. We can make real with an absolute national
commitment. There are Democrats and Republicans on the Hill who share
our passion to silence this deadly disease. If I could be anything, I
would want to be the President of ended cancer, because it’s possible.
Amanda Litman: ( 08:51 )  I’m Amanda Littman. I’m the Co-Founder and
Executive Director of Run For Something. In May, 2017, I was invited
to join a small meeting in D.C. with a handful of other organization
leaders to give updates to the VP on our work. The VP came over, and I
tried to play a cool, “Well, my Grammy would be furious if she knew I
was at a meeting with you and didn’t get a photo.” “Grammy?” The VP
said, perking up as we pose for the photo, you can see here. “Let’s
call her.” I called her. “Someone wants to talk to you.” “Hi Grammy,
this is Joe Biden.” She was overwhelmed. Grammy went on to tell him
her second eldest, my aunt Michelle was in the hospital, colon cancer,
advanced, that she was really sick. The VP’s posture changed
immediately. “I’m so sorry, Grammy. I’m so, so sorry. You know, my son
Beau died of cancer. As a parent, you should never have to even think
of one day burying a child. It’s a nightmare.” Amanda Litman: ( 09:45
)  He stepped away speaking personally with her about sitting in a
hospital room with a sick child, about pain. I could hear her choking
up on the phone. “I’m giving Amanda my personal home phone number. You
need anything, you call me. I’ll come to the hospital and sit with
you. Anything.” Grammy still talks about that call. “He’s a genuinely
nice man,” she says. “He just gets it.” Her grief, and my family’s
grief mattered to him. Our entire country is grieving. We are all
going through trauma. Our next president needs to be the one helping
us heal. That’s why I’m glad and excited to vote this fall, not just
against Trump, but genuinely for Joe Biden. Tom Perez: ( 10:25 )
Before we continue with tonight’s program, I want to thank everyone
who has made this unprecedented convention possible from our delegates
and speakers to our party staff and our production team. Next week, it
will be the Republican Party’s turn to hold their convention. On
behalf of their speakers and staff, I hope their organizers will take
safety as seriously as we have. And then it will be up to you,
America, you’ll have heard from two very different candidates for
President. You’ll be able to dig into the details of their respective
plans for solving the challenges we face, and decide which plan you
think will work for you and your family. Tom Perez: ( 11:08 )  But the
choice this year is deeper than that. No matter what you think about
Donald Trump or Joe Biden, no matter which party you belong to, or
whether you belong to any party at all, your job in this election is
to decide what kind of movement is capable of being the vehicle for
the change we need. Can a movement that demands absolute loyalty to
one man and his personal agenda really ever make this country greater?
Or do we do better when we join together in a movement of shared
values, one that amplifies our diverse voices. We’ve got one more
night to show America what our path forward looks like. Not one man,
boasting that he alone can fix it, but every day people coming
together to face our challenges with unity and determination. Now we
turn to one example, California’s fight against the dangerous
wildfires raging throughout the State. Please welcome Governor Gavin
Newsom. Governor Gavin Newsom: ( 12:11 )  Well, I confess this is not
where I expected to be speaking here tonight. I’m about a mile or so
away from one of over 370 wildfires that we’re battling here in the
State of California. We are just coming off a record week, a heat wave
that led to 130 degree temperatures, the highest temperature ever
recorded in California, arguably the world’s history here in our
State. The hots are getting hotter, the dries are getting drier.
Climate change is real. If you are in denial about climate change,
come to California. 11,000 dry lightening strikes, we had over a 72
hour period, leading to this unprecedented challenge with these
wildfires. Governor Gavin Newsom: ( 12:51 )  This is an extraordinary
moment in our history. Mother nature has now joined this conversation
around climate change. And so we too need to advance that conversation
a new. Just today, the President of United States threatened the State
of California, 40 million Americans, that happen to live here in the
State of California to defund our efforts on wildfire suppression,
because he said we hadn’t raked enough leaves. He can’t make that up,
nor can he make up the fact we’re involved in over 90 lawsuits with
the Trump administration on clean air, on clean water, on endangered
species, on pesticides. There is so much at stake in this election,
none more important than the work Joe Biden did with Barack Obama on
the vehicle emissions standards, the fuel efficiency standards. It
will save billions and billions of dollars taxpayers, and reduce our
greenhouse gas emissions. There is so much at stake in this election.
Governor Gavin Newsom: ( 13:47 )  I couldn’t help myself on my way to
one of our relief centers, one of our evacuation centers, just to jump
out of the car and just express my deep reverence, my admiration to
Joe Biden, to Kamala Harris, California’s own, to their faith, their
devotion, their constancy, to their commitment, and not just to the
environment, but to the Commonwealth, to our kids, our kids’ kids, our
grandkids, to our legacy. There is so much at stake in this election.
And I just want to close by reminding each and every one of you. The
future is not just something to experience, it’s something to
manifest. It’s inside of us, not just in front of us. It’s our
decision, not our conditions that will determine our fate and future.
So let us resolve that after this historic night, this incredible,
incredible week, this remarkable convention, that we do everything in
our power to get Joe Biden and Kamala Harris in to the White House in
January, 2021. Joe Biden: ( 15:06 )  America’s an idea, an idea
stronger than any army, bigger than any ocean, more powerful dictator
or tyrant. It gives hope. In this nation, we believe in honesty,
decency, treating everyone with respect, giving anyone a fair shot,
living nobody behind, giving hate no safe harbor, leading by the power
of our example, not by the example of our power, that’s allowed us to
stand as a beacon to the world, being part of something bigger than
ourselves. It’s a code. It’s a uniquely American code, the most
powerful idea in the history of the world. The American Creed that
we’re all created equal I think beats in the heart of people in this
country. Jon Meachin: ( 16:12 )  This time next year, I hope the virus
is in check and the American spirit is unleashed, and that were not
fearing but hoping again. Dolores Huerta: ( 16:22 )  Unity in our
country, this is what I hope to see next year. Senator Daug Jones: (
16:27 )  I hope we’ve chosen community over chaos, we’ve chosen unity
over division, and we’ve chosen love over hate. Donna Hylton: ( 16:35
)  I believe that America will have faced its darkest moment and will
have come out better. Khizr Khan: ( 16:42 )  America will be coming
together, not splintering apart. Donna Hylton: ( 16:48 )  No more, no
more pain. Ady Barkan: ( 16:51 )  This time next year, I hope that we
will have a government that is accountable to us. That guarantees
health care as a human right. Judge Lina Hidalgo: ( 16:58 )  The
promise of America will be restored for all our communities, all are
families, for all of us. And when I say all of us, [foreign language
00:17:07]. Jim Roosevelt: ( 17:10 )  I am confident that this time
next year we will have a President who provides this country with real
leadership, not just tweets. Susan Molinari: ( 17:19 )  This time next
year, I hope we are listening less to the Russians and more to Dr.
Fauci. Daniel Dae Kim: ( 17:24 )  I hope we all get back to work.
Senator Yvanna Cancela: ( 17:26 )  There’ll be true Americans why
we’ll be happy to say are unemployed, Mitch McConnell and Donald
Trump. Senator Amy Klobuchar: ( 17:33 )  This time next year, I hope
that all Americans, whether they are Democrats or Independents or
Republicans, will be proud of their President, will be proud of their
Vice President. Andrew Yang: ( 17:45 )  And that our recovery is truly
people up, families up, and communities up. Senator Elizabet Warren: (
17:49 )  That people believe they have a government that is working
for them. That’s out there every day everyday doing its best for them.
Danica Roem: ( 17:58 )  I want to see a President of the United
States, who can look at a trans-woman in the eye and tell her her
rights are worth protecting. Robyn Senior: ( 18:04 )  I hope America
has a president that champions the rights of all young women and
girls. Miyoko Hikiji: ( 18:09 )  This time next year, I want a
President who understands what military families need. Vilissa
Thompson: ( 18:14 )  Who cares about the rights and lives of fellow
people. Mari Manoogian: ( 18:18 )  Who will care about our environment
again. Mayor Robert Garcia: ( 18:20 )  Will pass comprehensive
immigration reform. LT. Peggy Flanagan: ( 18:23 )  I hope we have a
president who honors treaty rights and tribal sovereignty. Luz
Chaparro Hernandez: ( 18:27 )  A year from now, I hope to see the kids
playing on the playground. Brittney Hubert: ( 18:31 )  I take pride in
my job in helping our customers, but next year, I want to do it
without wearing a mask or gloves. Beto O’rourke: ( 18:40 )  I hope
that we were all celebrating landmark legislation that the Biden
Harris administration have shepherded through Congress and signed into
law. Fred Guttenberg: ( 18:49 )  This time next year, parents will
again be able to look forward to the day where we can send our
children to school without fear of gun violence. Khizr Khan: ( 19:00 )
This time. Judge Lina Hidalgo: ( 19:01 )  This time next year. Mayor
Robert Garcia: ( 19:01 )  This time next year. Mari Manoogian: ( 19:01
)  This time next year. Rep. Marcia Fudge: ( 19:02 )  I hope that this
country realizes that we have in fact, reclaim the soul of America.
Colin Powell: ( 19:07 )  This time next year, I hope and pray that
America will have restored democracy. Jaime Harrison: ( 19:13 )  We
recommit ourselves to come together, one nation under God. Major
General Frank Vavala: ( 19:18 )  One nation under God, indivisible
with liberty and justice for all. Kamala Harris: ( 19:25 )  This time
next year, I want to see Joe Biden in the oval office. Andrew Yang: (
19:28 )  Hello America, I’m Andrew Yang. You might know me as the guy
who ran for President talking about math in the future. Unfortunately
for all of us, that future is now. The pandemic has accelerated
everything. If you’re like me and my wife, Evelyn, you don’t know if
your child’s school is going to reopen this fall. 72% of Americans
believe that this is the worst time we have ever experienced. And 42%
of the jobs that have been lost, millions of jobs will never return.
We are in a deep dark hole, and we need leaders who will help us dig
out. I know many politicians promise and then fail to deliver. If you
voted for Trump or didn’t vote it all back in 2016, I get it. Andrew
Yang: ( 20:20 )  Many of us have gotten tired of our leaders, seeming
far removed from our everyday lives, and we despair that our
government will ever rise to the challenges of our time. But we must
give this country, our country, a chance to recover. And recovery is
only possible with a change of leadership and new ideas. Bold and
innovative policies that will get help into your hands in the midst of
this crisis are now possible, but we need your help to turn the page
for our country in 75 days. We are here tonight to celebrate Joe
Biden’s nomination as the Democratic candidate for President. I have
gotten to know both Joe and Kamala on the trail over the past year.
The way you really get to know a person, when the cameras are off, the
crowds are gone. It’s just you in them. They’re real people. They
understand the problems we face. There are parents and patriots who
want the best for us and our country. And if we give them the chance,
they will fight for us and our families every single day. Andrew Yang:
( 21:14 )  Our future is now, and it is daunting. But I ask you
tonight to join me, to help Joe and Kamala fight for the promise of
America, turn the page for our country and lead us forward to a future
we’ll actually be proud to leave to our children. And now I’d like to
turn it over to a great Democrat who will be with us throughout the
evening. Between the two of us, we have 11 Emmys. How’s that for math?
One of my favorite actresses, Julia Louis Dreyfus. Hey Julia. Julia
Louis-Dreyfus: ( 21:39 )  Hi Andrew. It’s so glad to see you. So what
did you think about Kamala Harris’s speech last night? Andrew Yang: (
21:46 )  It was tremendous. I was so happy for her. Julia Louis-
Dreyfus: ( 21:48 )  I know me too. She was fabulous. I cannot wait to
see her debate. Our current Vice President Mika Pints, or is it
Paints? Andrew Yang: ( 21:58 )  It’s pronounced Pants, I believe.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 22:01 )  Oh, some kind of weird foreign name?
Andrew Yang: ( 22:04 )  Yeah, not very American sounding. Julia Louis-
Dreyfus: ( 22:06 )  Yeah, that’s what people are saying, strongly.
Well, thank you, Andrew. And please give my regards to the gang.
Andrew Yang: ( 22:15 )  I will. They’re right in the next room. Have a
great night, Julia. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 22:18 )  Thank you so much.
Good evening America, and welcome to the fourth night of the 2020
Democratic National Convention, Uniting America. Okay, these last few
nights have been going so well, we decided to add a fifth night where
we will just play Michelle Obama’s speech on a loop. I first met Joe
Biden when I was doing my show Veep. I played the Vice President and
he was in fact, the Vice President, and we hit it off immediately.
Soon after I was asked to be on the cover of a magazine. Remember
those? And I was so excited. It was like, “Oh, what’s it going to be
People or Vogue or Rolling Stone?” Well, it turns out it was for
Arrive, the official onboard magazine of Amtrak, which nobody ever
reads, even though it’s free. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 23:14 )  The day
it came out, my phone rang and it was the Vice President telling me he
loves the cover and the whole article, and that it was one of the best
issues of Arrive he had ever read. And that is just one of the many
reasons that I wanted to be here tonight for Joe, and to remind you
that Joe Biden not only knows how to read, but also he reads
everything. I am no policy expert and I certainly don’t pretend to be
one, but I have a gut feeling about fairness and what’s right, and
that is why I am so excited that just in a little while, we’re going
to hear from Joe Biden about his plans for America. Plans for a strong
economy that helps working people and small businesses, not just
billionaires, and plans to raise the wages for the nurses and teachers
and grocery workers that are getting us through this crisis. God, love
them. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 24:12 )  So how can you help Joe? It’s
super simple vote. Right now, you can text, Vote, to 30330 to learn
about all of your voting options and make the best plan for how to
vote in your community, wherever you are. An easy way to remember
30330, is that’s the year Donald Trump will finally release his tax
returns. If we all vote, there is nothing Facebook, Fox News and
Vladimir Putin can do to stop us. But first let’s reaffirm the all
American values that our party and Joe Biden stand for. Speaker 18: (
24:50 )  [inaudible 00:00:24:54]. Speaker 19: ( 24:58 )  [inaudible
00:24: 55], do it while you’re smiling. Okay? Speaker 18: ( 25:00 )
Ready? And action. Speaker 20: ( 25:01 )  I pledge the allegiance to
the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for
which is stands, one nation under God, indivisible, for Liberty and
Justice for all. Speaker 18: ( 25:17 )  Awesome. Sister Simone
Campbell: ( 27:02 )  Good evening. I’m Sister Simone Campbell,
Executive Director of Network, and leader of Nuns On The Bus. Tonight
marks an important next chapter in our story of who we will become as
a nation. So I speak to you with a sense of urgency and hope, knowing
the difficult work ahead, but grounded in my faith. The very first
paragraph of the scripture that informs the three Abrahamic traditions
tells us the divine spirit breezed over the waters of chaos and
brought forth a new creation. Encouraged by this promise that a new
creation can come from chaos, let us pray. Sister Simone Campbell: (
27:42 )  Oh, Divine Spirit, during the weeks and months ahead, stir
our hearts and minds that we might fight for a vision that is worthy
of you and you’re called to honor the dignity of all of your creation.
A vision of who we are as a people grounded in community and care for
all, especially the most marginalized. A vision that cares for our
earth and heals the planet. A vision that ends structural racism,
bigotry, and sexism so rife now in our nation and in our history. A
vision that ensures hungry people are fed, children are nourished,
immigrants are welcomed. Oh, spirit breathe in us and our leaders a
new resolve that committed to this new American promise, we will work
together to build a national community grounded in healing, fearlessly
based on truth, and living out of a sense of shared responsibility. In
the name of all that is holy, Oh Spirit, bring out of this time of
global and national chaos, a new creation, a new community that can
with your help realize this new promise that we affirmed tonight. And
so with profound hope, let we, the people say, Amen. Senator Chris
Coons: ( 29:15 )  Thank you, Sister Simone. People of faith have long
led change from abolition and women’s suffrage, to the labor movement
and the struggle for civil rights. Joe Biden will continue that
progressive March towards justice, inspired by respect for the dignity
of all people, people Joe believes were made in the image of God. Joe
learned that from his parents and the nuns and priests right here in
Delaware, who taught him and inspired in him a passion for justice.
I’m Senator Chris Coons of Delaware, and I want to tell you about my
friend, Joe Biden. His faith is strong and it’s personal and private.
Senator Chris Coons: ( 29:49 )  For Joe faith isn’t a prop or a
political tool. I’ve known Joe about 30 years, and I’ve seen his faith
in action. Joe knows the power of prayer, and I’ve seen him in moments
of joy and triumph, of loss and spare turn to God for strength. Joe’s
comforted me in my toughest moments, as he has so many others. I’ll
never forget how Joe took the time to offer me words of comfort as my
father lay in hospice. Time and again, I’ve seen him stop everything
and listen, really, listen to someone who needs a shoulder to cry on
or partner in prayer. That compassion, that empathy is part of his
character. Senator Chris Coons: ( 30:27 )  More than anything chose a
man of faith and conscience, he’ll be a precedent for Americans of all
face as well as people of conscience who practice no particular faith.
Joe’s faith is really about our future, about a world with less
suffering and more justice, where we’re better stewards of creation,
where we have a more just immigration policy, and where we call out
and confront the original sins of this nation, the sins of slavery and
racism. Joe knows these are central issues in this election, and for
him, they’re rooted in faith. Senator Chris Coons: ( 30:58 )  Joe
knows that it’s faith that sustained so many ordinary Americans who do
extraordinary things. Nurses who brave infection, firefighters who run
into burning buildings, teachers working overtime, especially now,
they all deserve a servant leader who knows the dignity of work, who
sees them, respects them, fights for them. We need a President who
brings people of all faiths together to tackle our challenges, rebuild
our country and restore our humanity. Someone who knows we’re called
to do justice, love mercy, and walk humbly with our God. Joe Biden
will be that President. Joe has always known this race is a battle for
the soul of our country, and he’s right. Joe believes, he believes in
both the greatness and the goodness of this country. He believes in
us, and in what we can do together, my question Rev. Anthony Thompson:
( 31:50 )  My question is what is your faith, and how would you use
your faith in make decisions for our nation? Joe Biden: ( 31:59 )
Reverend, I kind of know what it’s like to lose family, and my heart
goes out to you. But you may remember, after Barack and Michelle and I
were there, and my family, I came back on that Sunday to regular
service, because I had just lost my son, and I wanted some hope
because what you all did was astounding. I don’t know if you all know
this, all those who died, were killed by this white supremacist, they
forgave him, the ultimate act of Christian charity. They forgave him.
Reverend I’m not proselytizing, I happened to be a practicing
Catholic, but I went back to the church because I found, particularly,
the black church, and this case was me and me, it was not an Episcopal
church. I found. Joe Biden: ( 33:03 )  Not Episcopal Church, I found
that there’s that famous phrase from Kierkegaard, faith sees best in
the dark. I find the one thing it gives me, and I’m not trying to
process. I’m not trying to convince you to share my religious views.
But for me, it’s important because it gives me some reason to have
hope and purpose. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 33:32 )  Just remember, Joe
Biden goes to church so regularly that he doesn’t even need tear gas
and a bunch of federalized troops to help him get there. No one fought
harder for your right to vote than John Lewis. Here to speak about him
and his legacy, we have one of our great mayors, Atlanta’s Keisha
Lance Bottoms. Mayor Bottoms, hello. I know that you’re recovering
from the Corona virus. How are you feeling? Keisha Lance Bottoms: (
34:03 )  Well, good evening. I feel really good. Thank you for asking.
My husband on the other hand is still having many of the lingering
side effects that people talk about, but all in all our family’s doing
great. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 34:15 )  Well, I’m glad to hear it, but
boy, I think a lot of Americans are going to be dealing with that for
a long time. Hey Mayor, I wanted to ask you something. Is Atlanta
ready for election day? Keisha Lance Bottoms: ( 34:31 )  We will be
ready and we are going to do everything that we can to make sure that
voting goes smoothly. But we are encouraging people if you can vote
early in your state, to please do so. Early vote during the early
vote. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 34:47 )  Perfect. Excellent advice. Over
40 States now allow some form of early voting. Okay. Stay safe mayor
and I turn it over to you. Keisha Lance Bottoms: ( 35:00 )  Well,
thank you, Julia and good evening. I’m Keisha Lance Bottoms, a mother
of four and mayor of Atlanta, Georgia, cradle of the civil rights
movement and like so many other cities, a place where the struggle for
human dignity continues. I’m proud to have grown up in this city,
educated in its public schools and blessed to have known our hometown
heroes like Dr. Joseph Lowery, Dr. C.T. Vivian and our teacher, our
friend, our conscience, our Congressman John Lewis. He walked gently
amongst us, not as a distant icon but as a God fearing man who did
what he could to fulfill the as yet unfulfilled promise of America.
Keisha Lance Bottoms: ( 35:54 )  People often think that they can’t
make a difference like our civil rights icons, but every person in the
movement mattered. Those who made the sandwiches, swept the church
floors, stuffed the envelopes, they too change America and so can we.
The baton has now been passed to each of us. We’ve cried out for
justice, we have gathered in our streets to demand change and now we
must pass on the gift john Lewis sacrifice to give us. We must
register and we must vote. In his parting essay written to us,
congressman Lewis expressed his pride in the activism that has swept
our country and he reminded us that if we fail to exercise our right
to vote, we can lose it. Keisha Lance Bottoms: ( 36:56 )  There are
those who are disgracefully using this pandemic to spread
misinformation and interfere with voting, forcing many in 2020 to
still risk their lives to exercise their sacred right to vote. A right
that has already been paid for with the blood, sweat, tears, and lives
of so many. So let’s stand up for our children, our children’s
children and for this great democracy that our ancestors worked to
build and let’s vote. Let’s organize to get others to vote with us.
You can help make this happen by texting vote to 30330. Keisha Lance
Bottoms: ( 37:48 )  We know how important it is that we elect real
leaders like Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, people of honor and
integrity, who hold justice close to their hearts and believe that the
lives of my four black children matter. In the words of womanist poet,
Audre Lorde, your silence will not protect you. Congressman Lewis
would not be silenced and neither can we. We cannot wait for some
other time, some other place, some other heroes. We must be the heroes
of our generation because we too are America. Our votes can be our
voice. Speaker 21: ( 38:51 )  There’s something deep down within me
moving me that I could no longer be satisfied or go along with an evil
system. Andrew Young: ( 39:05 )  Life was extremely dangerous when we
were growing up. John Lewis had the respect of everybody because he
was the one who demonstrated the most courage. He’d been beaten and
knocked down and get up and go to fight another battle. John was
focused on ending voter suppression and it wasn’t that he was a great
orator, is that he was a great spirit. The power of spirituality and
humility and the willingness to suffer rather than to inflict
suffering. Elijah Cummings: ( 39:56 )  One of the things that John has
taught us is that, you may have to sacrifice but if you’re sacrificing
for a cause, something bigger than you, bigger than you and you really
believe in it, then you will have people following you. John Lewis: (
40:12 )  If we do not get meaningful legislation out of this Congress,
we will march through the South, through the streets of Jackson,
through the streets of Danville, through the streets of Cambridge,
through the streets of Birmingham. James M. Lawson Jr.: ( 40:34 )  I
think he is the singular figure that has tried to carry out the work
of our nonviolent campaigns into the halls of Congress. Nancy Pelosi:
( 40:43 )  From day one, John Lewis was a role model for the members
of Congress, whether they were freshmen are here a long time because
he brought with him a kind of heft of weightiness of purpose. John
Lewis: ( 40:58 )  I got arrested a few times during the 60s, 40 times
and since I’ve been in Congress, another five times. The means by
which we struggle must be consistent with the end we seek. Stacey
Abrams: ( 41:16 )  Someone who has navigated thorny issues of policy
not by castigating alone, but by also encouraging people to be better
than they think they can be. John Lewis: ( 41:26 )  Today we are
considering a fair housing marriage, which not only protect our
nation’s minorities, but it protects the need for those with
disabilities and families with children. How long do we have to wait
before we decide to ban assault weapons? We have another opportunity
to bring more of our citizens into political participation. I have on
my marching shoes, I’m fighting. I’m ready to march. Raphael Warnock:
( 41:53 )  All of these decades later while he and others of his
generation achieved much, we’re still fighting against police
brutality and fighting for our voting rights. So we best honor him by
continuing to fight the good fights that he fought by staying in good
trouble. Raphael Warnock: ( 42:33 )  ( singing). John Lewis: ( 43:09 )
We will create a beloved community. We will redeem the soul of
America. As a nation and as a people we will get there. John Lewis: (
43:18 )  (singing). Julia Louis-Dreyfus: ( 48:06 )  Wow. That was so
beautiful. John and Common. Wow. Joe Biden shares John Lewis’ has
belief that every vote matters. Personally, I plan to follow the
example of six current cabinet members, vice-president Poons and
President Trump himself, and vote by mail. To find out everything you
need to know about mailing ballots, your polling place or even just am
I registered, text vote to 30330. 30330, that would be the president’s
golf score if he didn’t cheat. Okay, look, I’ll admit that was a
little nasty, but we all know he’s a cheater and I’m proud to be a
nasty, nasty woman. When Donald Trump spoke at his inauguration about
American carnage, I assumed that was something he was against, not a
campaign promise. What we need now is great leadership. Someone
experienced in hard working and intelligent. Someone who understands
the soul of the American people. Jon Meacham: ( 49:15 )  I’m historian
Jon Meacham. In his final Sunday sermon, days before his death, Martin
Luther King Jr said, “We are tied together in the single garment of
destiny. This is the way God’s universe is made. This is the way it is
structured.” A single garment of destiny. We the people cannot escape
that reality nor as Lincoln taught us, can you and I escape history.
And we shouldn’t want to for many of us have been given much; liberty,
opportunity, a sense of possibility. The task of our time is to make
sure those gifts are available not just to folks who look like me but
to all of us. Jon Meacham: ( 50:02 )  This is a grave moment in
America. A deadly virus is ravaging us. Our jobs are evaporating. Our
faith and the things that bind us together is fraying for our
democracy is under assault from an incumbent, more interested in
himself than he is in the rest of us. Extremism, nativism,
isolationism and a lack of economic opportunity for working people are
all preventing us from realizing our nation’s promise. So we must
decide whether we will continue to be prisoners of the darkest of
American forces or will we free ourselves to write a brighter, better,
nobler story? That’s the issue of this election. A choice that goes
straight to the nature of the soul of America. Jon Meacham: ( 50:52 )
Humankind has long viewed the soul as the vital center, the core, the
essence of existence. The soul is what makes us us. In its finest
hours, America’s soul has been animated by the proposition that we are
all created equal and by the imperative to ensure that we are treated
equally. Yet, America is a mix of light and shadow. Seneca falls and
Selma and Stonewall dwell in the American soul but so do the impulses
that have given us slavery, segregation and systemic discrimination.
Jon Meacham: ( 51:28 )  Often we’d prefer to hear the trumpets rather
than face the tragedies but an honest accounting of who we’ve been,
can enable us to see who we should be. A country driven by the best
parts of our soul, not by the worst. A country informed by reason and
candor, not by ego and lies. A country that’s big hearted, not narrow
minded. The struggle to be who we ought to be is difficult, demanding
and ongoing. Justice can be elusive and change in America has been
painful and provisional. The civil war led to segregation. The new
deal to right wing reaction, civil rights to white backlash, yet
history, which will surely be our judge, can also be our guide. From
Harriet Tubman to Alice Paul, to John Lewis from the beaches of
Normandy, to the rendering of the iron curtain, our story has soared
when we’ve built bridges, not walls. When we’ve lent a hand, not when
we’ve pointed fingers. When we’ve hoped not feared. Jon Meacham: (
52:39 )  If we live in hope, we open our souls to the power of love.
We’ve been taught to love our neighbors as ourselves. As individuals
and as a nation, however, we fail at following that commandment more
often than we succeed. But when we fail, we must try again and again
and again, for only in trial is progress possible. From Jamestown
forward, our story has become fuller and fairer because of people who
share a conviction that Dr. King articulated on that Sunday half a
century ago; the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends
toward justice. Bending that arc requires all of us. It requires we,
the people, and it requires a president of the United States with
empathy, grace, a big heart and an open mind. Joe Biden will be such a
president. With our voices and our votes, let us now write the next
chapter of the American story; one of hope, of love, of justice. If we
do so, we might just save our country and our souls. Deb Haaland: (
53:58 )  Good evening. I’m Congresswoman Deb Haaland. I’m grateful to
be with you here on indigenous land. The promise of this country is
older than our constitution. Over 500 years ago, thousands of Indian
tribes were vibrant democratic societies with rich cultures and
traditions and communities that had sustained them for millennia on
lands they loved and respected. My people, the Pueblo Indians,
migrated to the Rio Grande Valley in the late 1200s to escape
droughts. We were led to the great river and its tributaries, where we
established an agricultural tradition that continues to this day. My
people survived centuries of slavery, genocide and brutal assimilation
policies. But throughout our past, tribal nations have fought for and
helped build this country. There were those like my Laguna
grandparents who worked on our country’s railroad and those like my
mother, a Navy veteran, who served this country with honor. I stand
here today, a proud 35th generation new Mexican, and one of the first
native American women ever elected to Congress. I’m a symbol of our
resilience as the embodiment of America’s progress as a nation. Deb
Haaland: ( 55:21 )  I know we can’t take our democracy for granted,
especially now, as people are dying, as our land is abused, as our
constitution is under attack. We must work for it by getting involved,
by registering voters, by voting. Voting is sacred. Why people know
that. We weren’t universally granted the right to vote until 1962 and
that fundamental right is more important than ever. Whether your
ancestors have been here for hundreds of years or you’re a new
citizen, know this, whether we vote and how we vote will determine if
our nation’s promise of social, racial and environmental justice will
outlast us. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris respect our past and
understand our present. They will see us through this crisis of
leadership that is plaguing our country, and they will help us to
build a better future. Thank you. Deb Haaland: ( 56:23 )  (singing).
Sara: ( 56:27 )  The first year that I voted was 1974. Terry: ( 56:30
)  1967. James: ( 56:32 )  I have not missed a general or a primary
election in my 51 year voting history. Seymour: ( 56:38 )  Now I don’t
go to the polls anymore. The U.S. postal service does it for me.
Terry: ( 56:44 )  And we’re seeing our current president sabotage our
right to vote, sabotaging democracy by trying to undo the postal
system. James: ( 56:54 )  My father worked for the postal service for
30 years. Pat: ( 56:58 )  My mother worked for that local post office
for 10 years. That job enabled her to feed her family. James: ( 57:05
)  I am appalled at what the Republicans and the president are trying
to do to subvert the vote. Jeffrey: ( 57:12 )  Nothing or no one will
stop me from voting this election. Sara: ( 57:16 )  We need to keep
our mail system. We need Joe Biden. Sara: ( 57:19 )  (singing) Donald
Trump: ( 57:21 )  Where are they going? Where are these ballots going?
Who’s getting them? Who is not getting them? A little section that’s
Republican. Will they be stolen from mailboxes as they get put in by
the mailman? Will they be taken from the mailman and the mail women?
Will they be forged? Who is signing to them? Who’s shining them? Are
they signed at the kitchen table and sent in? Will they be
counterfeited by groups inside our nation? Will they be counterfeited
maybe by the millions by foreign powers? Speaker 22: ( 58:09 )  Let me
put this in my own words. I’ve heard Donald Trump say some pretty
unhinged things. I’ve heard them over and over and over again, but
nothing is more dangerous to our democracy than his attacks on mailing
voting during a pandemic. Okay? Here’s the truth. Donald Trump doesn’t
want any of us to vote because he knows he can’t win fair and square.
So whether you plan to vote by mail or in person wearing your mask, it
is your vote and it’s your right. Don’t let Donald Trump take that
away from you. For accurate up to date voting information that you can
trust, text vote to 30330. One more time. Text vote to 30330. Alex
Padilla: ( 58:58 )  I’m Alex Padilla, California Secretary of State.
Jocelyn Benson: ( 59:01 )  And I’m Jocelyn Benson, the Secretary of
State of Michigan Alex Padilla: ( 59:05 )  Voting is the oxygen of our
democracy. It decides elections and elections change lives. That’s why
we’ve seen so many attacks on our right to vote, including many that
specifically target working families, young people and communities of
color. Jocelyn Benson: ( 59:21 )  Secretaries of state are responsible
for running fair, accessible, secure elections, where every vote is
counted and every voice has heard. We serve on the front lines,
defending our democracy against any and all attacks, foreign and
domestic. Alex Padilla: ( 59:37 )  So let’s talk about this election,
despite what he says, Donald Trump can’t cancel it, but he and
Republicans are making it too hard for so many to cast their ballots.
And now he’s attacking a vote by mail to distract and confuse voters.
Jocelyn Benson: ( 59:52 )  And let’s be clear, there is absolutely
zero difference between voting by mail and voting absentee. Millions
of Americans have been voting absentee for decades. Donald Trump, his
family, his staff, they all vote by mail. In fact, in States like
Colorado, Utah and Oregon, voters have been voting by mail for years.
Republicans and Democrats agree, it is safe. Alex Padilla: ( 01:00:16
)  But now Trump has admitted he’s trying to sabotage the post office
to undermine voting by mail and we’re not going to let them do that.
Our job is to make sure everyone can vote safely, whether in person or
by mail, and your job is to make sure you vote. Jocelyn Benson: (
01:00:34 )  And there’s more. Once you’ve done that, talk to your
friends and neighbors, spread the word. Tell everyone you know to text
vote to 30330 for more voting options. If you’re planning to vote from
home, request and return your ballot early and remind everyone you
know to make a plan to vote. Alex Padilla: ( 01:00:54 )  Don’t let
anyone keep you from exercising your most sacred right. Make your plan
to vote. Grab your mask and head to the polls the first day they’re
open or request your ballot and send it in right away. And know this,
election results may take a little longer this year, but Democrats
will fight to make sure your ballot is counted. Jocelyn Benson: (
01:01:16 )  Because at the end of the day, the biggest role in
preserving our democracy isn’t ours, it’s yours. Jocelyn Benson: (
01:01:27 )  (singing) Eva Gutowski: ( 01:01:30 )  Our family has a
crazy history with America and it all starts with it being a beacon
for immigrants. It’s really cool being like part Polish and part
Puerto Rican and also part black because I get to, for me personally,
I get to be this like melting pot of America. Jack G.: ( 01:01:47 )
If you were an immigrant back then, come from an immigrant family, the
Democrats brought you in. We’re in danger of losing the meaning of
this country. Eva Gutowski: ( 01:01:57 )  Every generation before us
has had to fight for what they believe in and it’s just our turn now.
Jack G.: ( 01:02:03 )  I was proud when I saw the demonstrations that
were going on across the country. Eva Gutowski: ( 01:02:08 )  This
year’s election means a lot to me because I feel like our generation
is so motivated right now to make a difference. There’s a lot of
changes that we have to make and I’m counting on Joe Biden and I
believe in him. Speaker 23: ( 01:02:33 )  I’m here because a union job
lifted my family out of poverty and into the middle class. My
grandfather left the Jim Crow South for Detroit, joined the UAW and
got a job on the assembly lines during world war two. That union job
enabled him to support his family, raise my mom and send her to Fisk
University. That’s the American dream. Together we work, together we
rise. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris know the dignity of all working
Americans. They know the urgency and the demand of our dream. But
working people are under attack. The wealth gap grows, our middle
class shrinks and poverty persists. Last week Donald Trump said, and I
quote, “Our economy is doing good,” while 40 million Americans are at
risk of losing their homes, 30 million aren’t getting enough to eat
and 5.4 million people have lost their healthcare because of this
crisis. He has failed us but still I believe in the dream of our
ancestors. Speaker 23: ( 01:03:46 )  Together with Joe and Kamala in
the White House will raise the minimum wage so no one who works a full
time job in America lives in poverty. Together we’ll fight for those
who keep us healthy, who keep us safe, who teach our children. We’ll
stand for those who cook and serve and clean, who plant and harvest,
who pack and always those who deliver. Whose hands are thick with
calluses like my granddad’s were. Who lifted me high, who held mine
when I was a boy. If he was alive, Joe and Kamala, he would be so
proud of you. And he’d tell us, “Take another by the hand and another,
and let’s get to work. This dream ain’t free. You got to work for it.”
So like his generation up and out of the depression, let’s now work
together and stand together. And America, together we will rise. Joe
Biden: ( 01:04:57 )  There is my team. You guys build America, not
Wall Street. You build America, right? Gerald Lang: ( 01:05:03 )
Americans just want to live meekly comfortable. I’ve got a wife that
works as well. I’ve got a 17 and a seven year old at home, and we’re
still working. Thanks to our international executive board for getting
with general motors and making sure that it’s safe for us to return
back to work after eight weeks of being laid off. I mean, it’s a hoax
at one point and now here we are a full blown. Joe Biden: ( 01:05:25 )
Yep. Well, I tell you what the future of auto workers America, and I
really believe this, can be as bright as it was back in the late 40s
and 50s. Gerald Lang: ( 01:05:38 )  Yes. Joe Biden: ( 01:05:38 )
Simple reason, it’s an iconic industry. It’s an American industry. We
made it. We made it. Gerald Lang: ( 01:05:44 )  Yes. Thank you. Robert
Lopez: ( 01:05:46 )  It’s been a very interesting point 2020. I’ve
been in the fire service 16 years and never experienced anything like
COVID. We got to change our whole tactics, the way we did our day to
day and now had a hurricane that just came in two weeks ago and we
were almost right on the- Robert Lopez: ( 01:06:03 )  … That just came
in two weeks ago, and we were almost right on the eye. I mean, we were
doing things we never thought we’d be doing, water rescues with masks
on, having to worry about COVID. It was interesting. Joe Biden: (
01:06:15 )  How is your family going? Robert Lopez: ( 01:06:17 )
Well, I’m a single dad. I have a almost five-year-old, who is my
world. And I’m very lucky that my parents are retired. My mom actually
retired right after my daughter was born to help us with her. She was
so looking forward to pre-K, going to the preschool, and then
unfortunately all this COVID came in and now it’s all going to be
online schooling, which I’m fortunate. I have my parents, but I do
have a lot of guys that are double income families, and they’re just
trying to figure out how they’re going to do it with their kids. What
arrangements are they going to have to make since they’re not going to
be going to school, it’s going to be online. Natasha Taylor: (
01:06:53 )  It’s two people in my household. I have a family of two,
and we have grown-up kids that are no longer in the household. But it
takes two people to build. We have an ongoing goal of a five year goal
of buying a house in the next five years. So hopefully we’ll save,
save, save. Joe Biden: ( 01:07:12 )  Look, everybody, you talk about
the middle class. The fact is that the way middle class generate
wealth, overwhelmingly is building up equity in their home. It
naturally gets passed on from one generation to the next, the equity
in the home. Rob Bair: ( 01:07:28 )  The middle class is continuously
taking hits. And one of the reasons why we’re on this call is we
realize how important it is to have you in the White House. We need a
comprehensive energy policy for renewable resources, which I know you
have one. And if we’re going to build the middle class, it’s about the
jobs. Joe Biden: ( 01:07:49 )  The future really rests on investment.
We’re going to be investing $2 trillion in infrastructure. Ports,
bridges, highways, making sure that we have access to do things that
really make a difference. Like what you’re doing, that solar facility
outside of Harrisburg. I’m a Scranton boy, central Pennsylvania is
okay, but Northeast, keep the faith guys. Rob Bair: ( 01:08:14 )
Thank you sir. Natasha Taylor: ( 01:08:16 )  Thank you so much, we
appreciate you. Vivek Murthy: ( 01:08:22 )  I know it’s not typical
for a former surgeon general to speak at a convention. Surgeons
general are appointed by presidents, but our work isn’t about
politics. Our highest duty is to the public. Our true guide is
science, and our job is to speak the truth about public health, even
when it’s controversial or perceived as political. So here’s the
truth. Our nation absolutely has what it takes to overcome the
COVID-19 pandemic that’s claimed tens of thousands of our loved ones.
We have the talent, resources and technology. What we’re missing is
leadership. We need a leader who works with States to ensure that
everyone who needs a test gets one, and gets results quickly. A leader
who secures a safe, effective vaccine, and distributes it quickly and
fairly. A leader who inspires us to practice distancing, and wear
masks, not as a political statement, but as a patriotic duty, a
commitment we make to one another. Vivek Murthy: ( 01:09:26 )  That’s
why I’m here tonight. Not because of politics or for party, but
because I know Joe Biden can be that leader. I’ve worked with Joe
Biden. I’ve seen who he is with no cameras around, how he sits with
people in their pain, and holds them in his heart. How he pours over
COVID briefings, asking smart questions, letting science guide his
way, just as he did when managing the Ebola crisis. And six years ago,
when Joe Biden met my family, many of them immigrants, awed to be in
the nation’s Capitol, I saw how he kneeled beside my grandmother’s
wheelchair, took her hands in his, and said, “Thank you for choosing
us, the United States of America as the place to trust with your
family.” Tonight, as a father, son, and grandson, as the doctor who
swore an oath, and as an American who loves my country, I can tell you
that Joe Biden is the man I trust to look out for my family, and the
leader I know will heal this nation. Tammy Baldwin: ( 01:10:39 )  Hi,
I’m Senator Tammy Baldwin. When I was nine years old, I got sick,
really sick. I was hospitalized, but since my grandparents were the
ones raising me, and our family’s health plan didn’t cover grandkids,
they were forced to pay out of pocket for my three month hospital
stay. I got better, but the insurance companies didn’t. They refused
to cover me at any cost because I was marked child with a preexisting
condition. We all have stories like this, stories about a time when
the system was rigged against us. When we were counted out, left out,
pushed out. Just think of what we’ve heard these past four days,
healthcare professionals who don’t have the protective gear they need,
young people whose asthma will get worse as our air quality does,
workers who are afraid of losing their jobs. Each story begs this
simple fundamental question, a question that gets to the heart of the
choice in this election. Tammy Baldwin: ( 01:11:46 )  What kind of
country do we want to be? Do we want to be a country where
millionaires get to dodge taxes? Or one where working families get a
break? Do we want to be a country where medical bills bury people in
debt, or one where healthcare is affordable for all? Or where tens of
thousands of people die from a virus, or where the American dream
lives? I think we know the answer to that fundamental question,
because most of us want the same things. Good schools in our
neighborhoods, racial justice, the freedom to love who we want,
dignity in our work, and an economy where small businesses and working
families thrive. And over the past months, we’ve added another to that
list. A nation free from COVID. That’s why Joe Biden and Kamala Harris
are the only answer in this election. Trust me. They are. Tammy
Baldwin: ( 01:12:53 )  You see, there’s another part of my story, the
part where I ran for office, the part where I served in Congress, the
part where I worked with Joe Biden and Barack Obama to make sure kids,
and grandkids, if they’re dependents can stay on their parents’ health
insurance until they’re 26. We got that done. And yes, it was a big
effing deal. That’s the America I know, that’s the America I love, and
that’s the America we will be with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris in the
White House. A nation that plans, a nation that builds, a nation that
builds back. Say it with me there at home, a nation that builds back
better. Here in Wisconsin, our state motto is just one word, forward.
This November, let’s move forward and never look back. Thank you. Joe
Biden: ( 01:13:51 )  No other nation. No other nation can match us if
we step up, if we lead by the power of our example, not by the example
of our power. The only thing that could tear America apart is America
itself, and we can not let that happen. Julia Louis-Dreyfus: (
01:14:15 )  If you want to help Joe and Kamala make sure that America
stays strong and united, please go to JoeBiden.com and contribute
anything that you possibly can. Tonight, I couldn’t be prouder to be a
loyal union member, a passionate climate activist, and a patriotic
Democrat, or as Donald Trump will call me in a Tweet tomorrow, a
washed up horse face no talent has been with low ratings. Well, with
all due respect sir, it takes one to know one. And now I’d like to
introduce you to a real American hero, World War II veteran Ed Good.
Edward Good: ( 01:14:55 )  I am Edward Good. I’m 95 years old. I’m a
veteran of World War II, and of Korea. When I wear a uniform, I wear
only two badges. My parachute wings, and the combat infantry badge. I
did make one combat jump over the Rhine in Germany. And I’m proud of
that. I have been a Republican since the 1960s. I’m a member of the
NRA, and I voted for Trump. I think Trump has been the worst president
we’ve ever had. So I’ll be glad to see him go. I think Joe Biden will
be a great leader for the United States. Like me, on the day of my
jump into Germany, I think Joe Biden cares about doing his proper duty
for the United States. And if he’s elected, that’s what he will do.
Michael: ( 01:16:01 )  This year’s election is very important.
Probably be the most important election we’ve had in years. I
recommend strongly based on the division in this country created by
our current president, Donald Trump, we need to put somebody else in
the White House that’s going to bring us together. Now, let me just
explain something. I’ve been a longstanding Republican for a long
time, and I’m telling you, you got to vote for Joe Biden. You have to.
I don’t think we can deal with the type of person we have in the White
House any longer. So it’s up to you, America, and me, because in this
election, I’m voting for Joe. I’m sure, I’m absolutely sure he’s going
to help us bring this country together once again. Lakeisha Cole: (
01:16:55 )  My name is Lakeisha Cole. I met my husband 20 years ago.
When we started dating while I was in college, once I graduated from
college, we eloped. Two weeks after that he deployed. Speaker 24: (
01:17:11 )  This is what I wanted to do. You love this country, are
you willing to do the hard work it takes to maintain it? Lakeisha
Cole: ( 01:17:21 )  What was supposed to be a six month deployment
actually turned into 11 months. There was nothing really to prepare me
as a new military spouse on how to deal with the stress. Speaker 24: (
01:17:33 )  When people get married, they expect to grow with each
other. With multiple combat tours, there’s no guarantee of any of
those things. Lakeisha Cole: ( 01:17:42 )  They’re just a long laundry
list of uncertainties that we have to juggle. Stacey Abrams: (
01:17:49 )  Joe has always cared about military families. They’ve been
through so much. When I went to Iraq, one of the generals said, ” I
want to share the story with you.” In his daughter’s class, it was a
Christmas program and they were playing the Ave Maria. And one of the
little girls burst into tears and the teacher ran over and said,
“What’s the matter? What’s the matter?” And she said, “That’s the song
they played at my daddy’s funeral. He died in the war.” The teacher
had no idea that that little girl’s father had fought in the war and
had died. And that night I said to my staff, I’m a teacher, we can do
better. We’ve got to do better to help our military kids. Lakeisha
Cole: ( 01:18:36 )  The Bidens have a track record of helping military
families. And we’ve seen it with their work that they’ve done with
joining forces, and how they were able to rally a country behind us.
Joe Biden: ( 01:18:48 )  Then when we send the war to defend our
nation, care for them and their families while they’re gone, and care
for them and their families when they come home. Lakeisha Cole: (
01:18:59 )  It was the very first time that I, as a military spouse,
felt like someone was listening to us, and someone cared. Stacey
Abrams: ( 01:19:07 )  It’s not just the service member who serves, the
entire family serves as well. Joe said, “We have one sacred
obligation, to take care of our military members.” During this
pandemic for sure, so many veterans have lost their jobs. So many
military spouses have lost their jobs. That’s one of the things that
will be a priority in a Biden administration. We will make sure that
all Americans have healthcare employment. The things that families
need to thrive. Lakeisha Cole: ( 01:19:47 )  When people show you who
they are, believe them the first time. And we know exactly who Joe is.
He is the best candidate for America, not just for our families. Tammy
Duckworth: ( 01:20:12 )  Good evening. I’m Tammy Duckworth. When I
first enlisted in the army, I was eager to serve my country, yet
anxious whether I’d be able to earn my way into the ranks. But I
earned my wings, and later commanded my own air assault unit, learning
that serving and leading in the military is both a privilege and a
sacrifice. To be a commander, you must always put your troops first,
because one day you may order them to sacrifice everything for our
great nation to do that, leaders must command their troops respect and
be worthy of their pledge to protect and defend our constitution. No
matter the cost, but military service, doesn’t just take sacrifice
from those in uniform. It’s required from their families too. My
husband Brian was the one who rushed to Walter Reed. After I was
wounded in Iraq, he was the one holding my hand, waiting for me to
wake up. Tammy Duckworth: ( 01:21:03 )  And when I finally did, he was
my rock, getting me through those hours, weeks, months of unspeakable
pain and unending surgeries. He was my anchor as I relearned to walk,
helping me through every step and every stumble. Our military spouses
hold their families together, praying for their loved ones safety,
wherever they’re deployed and serving as caregivers to our disabled
service members. And then picking up the pieces and starting again,
whenever the next tour or the next war arises, Joe Biden understands
the sacrifices because he’s made them himself. When his son Beau
deployed to Iraq, his burden was also shouldered by his family. Joe
knows the fear military families live because he’s felt that dread of
never knowing if your deployed loved one is safe. He understands their
bravery because he has had to muster that same strength. Every hour of
every day Beau was overseas. That’s the kind of leader our service
members deserve. Tammy Duckworth: ( 01:22:05 )  One who understands
the risks they face and who would actually protect them by doing his
job as commander in chief. Instead they have a coward in chief who
won’t stand up to a flatter me, a Putin read his daily intelligence
briefings, or even publicly admonish adversaries for reportedly
putting bounties on our troops heads. As president, Joe Biden would
never let tyrants manipulate him like a puppet. He would never pervert
our military to stroke his own ego. He would never turn his back on
our troops or threaten them against Americans, peacefully exercising.
Their constitutional rights. Joe Biden would stand up for what’s
right, stand tall for our troops, and stand strong against our
enemies. Because unlike Trump, Joe Biden has common decency. He has
common sense. He can command, both from experience, and from strength.
Donald Trump doesn’t deserve to call himself commander in chief for
another four minutes, let alone another four years. Our troops deserve
better. Our country deserves better. If you agree, text more to 30330
to elect Joe Biden, a leader who actually cares enough about America
to lead. Beau Biden: ( 01:23:26 )  Good evening. I’m Beau Biden. And
Joe Biden is my dad. Speaker 25: ( 01:23:33 )  Some voices are never
silenced. Some work never ceases to change lives. Some people never
stop inspiring, even after they’re gone. Beau Biden was a husband,
father, brother, son, soldier, attorney general. He was given just 46
years on this earth. Barack Obama: ( 01:23:58 )  He did in 46 years
with most of us couldn’t do in 146. Think about the day that dawns for
children who are safer because of Beau. Whose lives are fuller,
because of him. Think about the day of the dawns for parents who rest
easier, and families who are freer because of him. Some folks may
never know that their lives are better because of Beau Biden, but
that’s okay. Certainly for Beau, acclaim was never the point of public
service. Speaker 25: ( 01:24:27 )  If you knew Beau, you knew he lived
by the strictest code of honor, duty, service, country. You never had
to ask if he would do something the right way. He didn’t know any
other way. Barack Obama: ( 01:24:41 )  Beau didn’t cut corners. He
turned down an appointment to be Delaware’s attorney general so he
could win it fair and square. When the field was clear for him to run
for the Senate, he chose to finish his job as AG instead. After 9/11,
he joined the National Guard. He felt it was his obligation. He did
his duty to his country, and deployed to Iraq. Speaker 25: ( 01:25:06
)  Beau Biden served his country in battle. He prosecuted one of the
worst child predators in American history. And even though he is no
longer with us, every day he still inspires the next president of the
